feat: document how to customize redirect url (#1509)
ory/docs: docs/identities/sign-in/social-sign-in/redirect-url.mdx

---
id: redirect-url
title: Set custom domain as redirect URL
sidebar_label: Custom domain redirect
---

Some Social Sign-in Providers such as Google or GitHub show the Redirect URL as part of the sign-in process:

![GitHub showing the redirect URL](redirect-url/callback.png)

> By default, Ory Cloud uses a redirect URL that points to the Ory Cloud domain.

Author: bad copilot 😠

:::caution

Changing the `base_redirect_uri` will break previously existing and functional social sign-in connections.

> To fix a broken connection, choose the provider you want to fix from the Ory Console social sign-in configuration screen and copy
> the updated redirect URL which now points to your custom hostname. Use the value you copied to update the redirect URL
> configuration of the social sign-in provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix a broken connection, choose the provider you want to fix from the Ory Console social sign-in configuration screen and copy
the redirect URL. You need to replace the Ory Network URl with your custom hostname. Use this URL to update the redirect URL
configuration of the social sign-in provider.
```

Right now the URL does not update in the console
